README.md, before:

# Minify plugin for CakePHP 1.3

This fork is a port to make the [Minify plugin](https://github.com/maurymmarques/minify-cakephp) by @maurymmarques usable in CakePHP 1.3.  
Original copyright notice:

Copyright 2012, Maury M. Marques  
Licensed under The MIT License  
Redistributions of files must retain the above copyright notice.  

### Minify

[Minify](https://github.com/mrclay/minify) is an application that combines multiple CSS or Javascript files, removes unnecessary whitespace and comments, and serves them with gzip encoding and optimal client-side cache headers. 

More info: http://code.google.com/p/minify

For this plugin, the application Minify is inside vendors

### Version

This fork is for CakePHP 1.3 - the original version is written for CakePHP 2.0+.

### Installation

You can clone the plugin into your project (or if you want you can use as a [submodule](http://help.github.com/submodules)):

```
cd path/to/app/Plugin or /plugins
git clone https://github.com/lethal-guitar/minify-cakephp.git minify
```

Since CakePHP 1.3 does not recognize routes set by a plugin, the following snippet has to be inserted into the application's `config/routes.php`:

```php
    Router::connect('/min-js', array('plugin' => 'Minify', 'controller' => 'minify', 'action' => 'index', 'js'));
    Router::connect('/min-css', array('plugin' => 'Minify', 'controller' => 'minify', 'action' => 'index', 'css'));
```

### Configuration

Set the configuration file in your app/Config/core.php

```php
<?php
Configure::write('MinifyAsset', true);
```

If you do not want to use compression, set false.

### Note

Create a folder called **"minify"** in `app/tmp/cache` and give permission to **read** and **write**.

### Usage

Enable the helper using the [plugin syntax](http://book.cakephp.org/2.0/en/appendices/glossary.html#term-plugin-syntax)

```php
<?php
class BakeriesController extends AppController {
    public $helpers = array('Minify.Minify');
}
```

This plugin uses [HtmlHelper](http://book.cakephp.org/1.3/en/The-Manual/Core-Helpers/HTML.html), and works virtually the same.

In the view you can use something like:

```php
<?php
echo $this->Minify->css(array('default', 'global'));
echo $this->Minify->script(array('jquery', 'interface'));
```

Commit message:

Re-added plugin's routes.php
Re-added the file and changed setup instructions: Users should add an `App::import` into the application's `routes.php` instead of copying the whole routes snippet.

README.md, after:

# Minify plugin for CakePHP 1.3

This fork is a port to make the [Minify plugin](https://github.com/maurymmarques/minify-cakephp) by @maurymmarques usable in CakePHP 1.3.  
Original copyright notice:

Copyright 2012, Maury M. Marques  
Licensed under The MIT License  
Redistributions of files must retain the above copyright notice.  

### Minify

[Minify](https://github.com/mrclay/minify) is an application that combines multiple CSS or Javascript files, removes unnecessary whitespace and comments, and serves them with gzip encoding and optimal client-side cache headers. 

More info: http://code.google.com/p/minify

For this plugin, the application Minify is inside vendors

### Version

This fork is for CakePHP 1.3 - the original version is written for CakePHP 2.0+.

### Installation

You can clone the plugin into your project (or if you want you can use as a [submodule](http://help.github.com/submodules)):

```
cd path/to/app/plugins or /plugins
git clone https://github.com/lethal-guitar/minify-cakephp.git minify
```

CakePHP 1.3 automatically loads all plugins, but does not recognize routes set by a plugin. Thus, the following snippet has to be inserted into the application's `config/routes.php`:

```php
App::import('Plugin', 'minify.config/routes');
```

### Configuration

Set the configuration file in your app/Config/core.php

```php
<?php
Configure::write('MinifyAsset', true);
```

If you do not want to use compression, set false.

### Note

Create a folder called **"minify"** in `app/tmp/cache` and give permission to **read** and **write**.

### Usage

Enable the helper using the [plugin syntax](http://book.cakephp.org/2.0/en/appendices/glossary.html#term-plugin-syntax)

```php
<?php
class BakeriesController extends AppController {
    public $helpers = array('Minify.Minify');
}
```

This plugin uses [HtmlHelper](http://book.cakephp.org/1.3/en/The-Manual/Core-Helpers/HTML.html), and works virtually the same.

In the view you can use something like:

```php
<?php
echo $this->Minify->css(array('default', 'global'));
echo $this->Minify->script(array('jquery', 'interface'));
```
